We are reporting a 14 year old male patient of an Ethiopian ethnicity who had been transferred from private clinic 3 months ago with a compliant of progressively increased weight gain since child hood. At birth, he weighed 5 kg, and at 6 weeks old that weight had gradually increased to 8 kg. After his 4th year of age, the weight gain progression became worse. He had increased appetite to food since childhood and favored eating sugar-containing foods. He had a history of acting aggressively, which is followed by irrational rage and emotional outbursts when the size of a meal is reduced or restricted. He is currently in grade 7. There was no family history of obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or other chronic illnesses, except for his overweight mother, who had a body mass index (BMI) of 29kg/m2. His vital signs were all in normal range. He had a weight of 160 kg and a height of 157 cm, making his BMI 65 kg/m2, which is class III obesity. He had narrow nasal bridge and thin vermilion of the upper lip with down-turned corners of the mouth. There were dry, dark patches on the skin of the neck and armpit, and there was no hair growth at the armpit or pubic area. He had no secondary sexual characteristics (Tanner stage 1). He had a micro penis and poorly rugated scrotal skin with a small testicle of 1–2 ml size by orchidometer measurement. Basic laboratory tests, including complete blood count, renal function test, liver enzymes, serum bilirubin, serum albumin, and serum electrolytes, were all normal. Ophthalmological evaluation showed refractive error corrected with eyeglasses; he otherwise had a normal retinal exam. Abdominal ultrasound imaging was normal except for nonspecific hepatomegaly of 18 cm with homogenous echo pattern and smooth contour. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was unremarkable except for partial empty sella. Genetic testing showed an aberrant methylation pattern on 15q11-13 region.

What is the rare disease that the patient is most likely to be diagnosed with?
